dick
good morning
I would now like to dedicate these points and my friend Linda from Bologna
who lives far away is so easy to say that this is how my grandmother is
with a broom stick with the broom handle
I'm looking for a shot
a broomstick that is cut
and rounded
put disk handle
Municipality of Rome
to make this scarf you for only have
bull. try again script
let's begin
like a chain
crochet
hindi we create
a row of long chains
how it is left
in this case
charges and not just points to make the sample
this. need
a multiple g3
so we count the first one.
second
at this point
word pun
we take
The stick
we keep it as if it were a wool blanket
and we extend the chain
bringing
on the stick
the width will plummet right into what the broomstick will give us
so we have linked the stick with a thousand
This is the first time silverstone has taught me
we enter the second chain
we take the swan as if we were making a point
bass
instead of making the low point we reload on the stick
mattia priests
and so on to the end
six
new snow chains
in love.
without scaring anyone we take
all these points your man
from the broomstick
essence scare us
let's do three low points
to stop
3 chains for which we enter the first 3 chains
we take the son and begin a
download
I make you to make the first 3 chains within
I take the son
I'm the first one. bass
back in the center of the chains
I do the second. bassano
again in the center of the chains
third low point
we have
the 3 chains
with the three low points
let's go ahead take the other 3
to end this tour we do the same thing
we finished the second round
now we turn our heads
open hook
the chain again
in reload
until the end
the 9 points the first we have already done english xd second
let's see each other in the world.
and we are
remember that idiot I turned around earlier
we find
calm store
all the rings are not to be afraid because nothing is undone
we take
the first 3 chains
to make the three low points we enter the center of the three cards
all
now we are together result
this we should charge again pastor the result is this
we with this can with pool
firefighters
dc high
xd
contribute I believe
the tiles
italfodera
to the mother who taught us
in a big hello to our friend film hello linda
lucio bella thorne
ca